<!--Begin Open Source Eventually License-->
##NOD Open Source Eventually License
Version 0.15

<!-- Copyright Statement -->
Copyright (C) 2013 Not Only Development Inc.

<!-- License Description -->
Please read this License carefully before accessing or using the licensed Products.  By accessing or using the Products, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this License.  If you do not or cannot agree to the terms of this License, please do not access or use the Products. The above copyright notice and this License shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Products.

<!-- License Definitions -->
###1. Definitions

1. _Licensor._ The Licensor under this License is `Not Only Development Inc.`, with offices at `Location`.  Notices shall be directed to the address for Licensor provided in this subsection.
1. _Applicability._  This License applies to any data, software, program or other work (the "Product(s)") which Licensor makes available and which contains a notice placed by Licensor identifying such work as subject to the terms of this Open Source Eventually License (the "License").
1. _Reversion Date._ The Reversion Date is the date upon which the Pre-Release Products shall be released from this License and revert to a specified Open-Source license.  The Reversion Date is the later of a) `Specific Date` or b) twelve months from the Effective Date herein.
1. _Target License._ The reversionary license for the Pre-Release Products (the "Target License") shall be the `Creative Commons Share Alike` license, and if such license is determined to be legally insufficient by a Court with relevant jurisdiction, then the Pre-Release Products shall be released into the public domain.
1. _Additional Definitions._ As used in this License:

  1.  "Effective Date" means the date You accept this License.
  2.  "Applicable Rights" mean:  (a) in the case where Licensor is the grantor of rights, (i) claims of copyrights, trademarks, or patents not licensed under this Open Source Eventually License that are now or hereafter acquired, owned by or assigned to Licensor and (ii) that cover subject matter contained in the Products, but only to the extent necessary to use, reproduce and/or distribute the Products without infringement; and (b) in the case where You are the grantor of rights, (i) claims of copyrights, trademarks, or patents that are now or hereafter acquired, owned by or assigned to You and (ii) that cover subject matter in Your Modifications, taken alone or in combination with the Products.
  3.  "Covered Products" means any works, Products, Modifications, or combination of Products and any Modifications, and/or any respective portions thereof made subject to this License and to which Licensor claims Applicable Rights. 
  4.  "Internally Deploy" means: to use, reproduce, display, perform, distribute or otherwise make the Covered Products available, directly or indirectly, to anyone solely inside Your organization.
  4.  "Externally Deploy" means: (a) to sublicense, distribute or otherwise make the Products available, directly or indirectly, to anyone other than You; and/or (b) to use the Products, alone or as part of a Larger Work, in any way to provide a service, including but not limited to delivery of content, through electronic communication with a client other than You.
  5.  "Larger Work" means a work which combines the Products or portions thereof with material not governed by the terms of this License.
  6.  "Modifications" mean any addition to, deletion from, and/or change to, the substance and/or structure of the Products, any previous Modifications, the combination of Products and any previous Modifications, and/or any respective portions thereof.  When material is released as a series of files, a Modification is:  (a) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing the Products; and/or (b) any new representation or work that contains any part of Products.
  7.  "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under this License.  For legal entities, "You" or "Your" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, You, where "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.
  8.  "Pre-Release Product(s)" means those Covered Products and Modifications created, managed, or developed by Licensor which have not been previously released under an open-source license other than this License.
  9.  "Other Product(s)" means all Covered Products that are not Pre-Release Products.

###2. Grant of License
1.  _Pre-Release Products._  Subject to the terms and conditions of this License and to such royalties or fees assessed by Licensor, Licensor hereby grants You, beginning on the Effective Date, a world-wide, non-exclusive license, to the extent of Licensor's Applicable Rights and copyrights for the Covered Products: to use, copy, modify, merge,and/or internally deploy copies of the Pre-Release Products within your organization subject to the following conditions:
  1. `example restriction`.
2. _Other Products._ Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You, beginning on the Effective Date, a world-wide, non-exclusive license, to the extent of Licensor's Applicable Rights and copyrights for the Covered Products, to: free of charge and royalty-free, use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, externally deploy, and/or sell copies of the Products, and permit persons to whom the Products are furnished to do so, subject to the following restrictions:
  1. You must retain and reproduce in all copies of the Products the copyright and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of Licensor as they appear in the original Products, and keep intact all notices in the Products that refer to this License; and
  1. You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Products and documentation You distribute or Externally Deploy, and You may not offer or impose any terms on such Products that alter or restrict this License or the recipients' rights hereunder, except as explicitly permitted herein.
  1. You must duplicate, to the extent it does not already exist, the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source material of all Your Modifications, and cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files and the date of any change; and
  1. If You Externally Deploy Your Modifications, You must make of all Your Externally Deployed Modifications either available to (i) Licensor and those to whom You have Externally Deployed Your Modifications, or (ii) publicly available.  Source material, documentation, specifications, and metadata relating to Your Externally Deployed Modifications must be released under the terms set forth in this License, for as long as you Externally Deploy the Covered Products or twelve (12) months from the date of initial External Deployment, whichever is longer. You should must distribute Your Externally Deployed Modifications on a publicly available electronic medium (e.g. download from a web site) unless permission is otherwise granted in writing by Licensor to use an alternative medium.

###3. Other Provisions

1. _Reversion._ On the Reversion Date, this License shall terminate and the Pre-Release Products shall be contemporaneously and automatically made available to You, subject to the terms of the Target License.
1. _Versions of the License._  Licensor may publish revised and/or new versions of this License from time to time. Minor and de minimis revisions to styling, numbering, or cosmetic changes will be distinguished by a different commit value. Major revisions which affect the material terms of this License will be given a distinguishing version number.  Once a Covered Product and/or Modification has been published under a particular version of this License, You may continue to use it under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use such Covered Products under the terms of any subsequent version of this License published by Licensor.  No one other than Licensor has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Products created under this License.  

2. _No Warranty or Support._  The Covered Products may contain in whole or in part pre-release, untested, or not fully tested works.  The Covered Products may contain errors that could cause failures or loss of data, and may be incomplete or contain inaccuracies.  You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the Covered Products, or any portion thereof, is at Your sole and entire risk. THE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE PRODUCTS.
